Of course, it is not a tiger.
This art is too clever.
Great, the old man finally woke up.
Xingye, do you have anything else to say?
Or is Jiang good at medicine?
Some people's cowhide blows very loudly.
What a generous smile.
How does the old man feel?
Much more comfortable.
Thank you doctor.
Dear, do you still want to make excuses?
Letting you crawl out is bad for my kingdom s performance, but you still have to give Jiang Chen an apology.
Boy, there's someone outside.
Don't rely on learning two hands of medicine and go everywhere flaunting the sky collision.
Today's story will teach you a lesson.
Don't treat others like that in the future.
Give me a lesson.
You really think you saved me.
Mr. Wang will be dead in three minutes.